feat(route): instructables projects (#12179)
DIYgod/RSSHub: docs/en/other.md

<RouteEn author="LogicJake" example="/instapaper/person/viridiano" path="/instapaper/person"/>

## Instructables

### Projects

> <Route author="wolfg1969" example="/instructables/circuits" path="/instructables/:category?" :paramsDesc="['category']">

Reviewer: Since you defined
https://github.com/DIYgod/RSSHub/blob/cf3d0fdad3da97450a5cc970acb6b4fa395f250c/lib/v2/instructables/router.js#L2

The path will be `/instructables/projects/:category?`

> <Route author="wolfg1969" example="/instructables/circuits" path="/instructables/:category?" :paramsDesc="['category']">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Route author="wolfg1969" example="/instructables/circuits" path="/instructables/:category?" :paramsDesc="['Category, empty by default, can be found in URL or see the table below']">
```

| All | Circuits | Workshop | Craft | Cooking | Living | Outside | Teachers |
| --- | -------- | -------- | ----- | ------- | ------ | ------- | -------- |
|     | circuits | workshop | craft | cooking | living | outside | teachers |

> </Route>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</RouteEn>
```
